Mithril update 2025-02-12 (#539)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-02-12-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-02-12-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team completed the activation of the ‘Pythagoras’ Mithril era on the mainnet, which has occurred as expected at the transition to Cardano epoch 539. They have also created the pre-release for the new distribution [`2506.0-pre`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2506.0-pre).
> 
> The team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, working on the client library, client CLI, and WASM client. They also kept implementing monitoring and dashboarding. Additionally, they completed the dependency builder refactoring in the aggregator.
> 
> Finally, the team fixed some flakiness in end-to-end tests in the CI, and they prepared for the sunset of the Sanchonet network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team completed the activation of the ‘Pythagoras’ Mithril era on the mainnet, which has occurred as expected at the transition to Cardano epoch 539. They also created the pre-release for the new distribution [`2506.0-pre`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2506.0-pre).

The team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, working on the client library, client CLI, and WASM client. They also kept implementing monitoring and dashboarding. Additionally, they completed the dependency builder refactoring in the aggregator.

Finally, the team fixed some flakiness in end-to-end tests in the CI and prepared for sunsetting the SanchoNet network.
```
